Jesus was a perfect man, just as Adam had been.
However, unlike Adam, Jesus remained obedient.
This allowed him to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many.
But how could the death of one man benefit all of mankind?
Well, imagine that the manager of a large factory steals money from the company.
Disactions lunge the company into debt, forcing it to shut down.
The workers lose their jobs and cannot pay their bills.
Many suffer because of that one man's corruption.
Now suppose a kind and generous man feels sorry for all those who are suffering.
He has moved to pay off the debt and reopen the company.
By canceling that one debt, he brings relief to all the employees and their families.
Adam is like that corrupt manager.
When he rebelled, he incurred a large debt of sin and passed it on to his children.
Jesus is like the generous man.
When he gave up his perfect human life, he paid off the debt of sin
and reopened the prospect of living forever for each of us.